Auth: OAuth sets `skip_org_role_sync = true` for auth.google by default (#72819)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication/google/index.md

## Skip organization role sync

> We do not currently sync roles from Google and instead set the AutoAssigned role to the user at first login. By default `skip_org_role_sync` is set to `true` to not lock down role changes in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not currently sync roles from Google and instead set the AutoAssigned role to the user at first login. The default setting for `skip_org_role_sync` is `true`, which means that role modifications can still be made through the user interface.
```
